ENEXPE PRO
	ENEXPE CHILD SECURE is an inspired Engineering Product of Federation companies called ENEXPE PRO.
	ENEXPE PRO is one of many core companies that strive to excel in Engineering field. ACHIEVERS ENGINEERING FEDERATION is formed by Engineers for the Engineers and to transform and motivate engineering into upcoming engineers. Federation companies are collectively named as ACHIEVERS GROUP OF COMPANIES.
This AEFederation is started by the impressive personalities Dr. S. Varadharajan D.C.E; PhDa passionate Civil Engineer and a multiple World Record holder and a fabulous person Mr. Godwin Suresh, who is a successful Media Professional and Multi Linguistic person Prof. J. Shariff M.A., M.Phil., founder of “The Excellence Academy” to improve the skills of an Engineer and enhance the Potential of the Engineers all around India.
The Upcoming Product of ENEXPE PRO is “CHILD SECURE”
 

RFID Attendance Management and Student Monitoring Solutions.

Student safety in school premises is a major concern for parents as well as school authorities. With the increasing crime against children and reports of brutal accidents within school premises, strong measures need to be taken to ensure that every child is safe within the school at all times.The actual challenge faced by school responsibilities is the inability to follow each and every student within the school premises and to ensure that children do not wander off to restricted areas where there are greater risks of any untowardly incident. 
There is a need for a comprehensive solution that allows school administration to keep an eye on students within the school premises and alert them in case of any unscheduled or unrestricted movement.
ENEXPE’s RFID based Student Tracking System

ENEXPE’s Safety solution uses Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Tracking for monitoring student movement within the premises. The system ensures that students are under surveillance right from the time they enter the school gates, until the time they have safely left the premises either with their guardians or through GPS and RFID-enabled school gate.

RFID for school gate : The moment parents see their children off to the school , they are anxious for the safety of their child while he/she is away from them. The RFID scanners installed in school gates ensure that they are updated about their ward’s safety - the scanners read tags embedded in their uniforms and automatically inform the school authorities and parents that the student has entered or left the school. The GPS-tracking further enables real-time tracking of the buses to keep their worry at bay.
•	Attendance management
•	Planning
•	Management
•	Solution Overview
•	Real Time Tracking
RFID in school premises:RFID receivers are installed at various locations (including school gates and restricted areas, toilets, etc) within the school premises. RFID chips are embedded in students’ uniforms so that whenever a student crosses a scanner location, information will immediately be sent to school authorities as well as parents.
School authorities can define the un-authorized/restricted areas in school premises and they will be immediately notified or alarmed if any student:
•	Enters an un-authorized/restricted area
•	Enters any authorized area in restricted timing, like canteen in class hours
•	Missing from the class during class hours for more than defined limit
•	Remains in the school after scheduled time
RFID based Student Tracking Solution ensures enhanced safety for students at all times within the school. Authorities are timely informed and alerted about any students missing from the class or entering restricted areas, thereby allowing them time to take appropriate action and prevent any mishap or untowardly incident. Parents are also at peace since they are constantly updated about their child’s safety.
RFID Attendance Management System
A Smart and credible way of Marking the attendance of the students in the school Campus. As a second level of security the parents will receive SMS for the Boarding, De-Boarding, reaching and leaving School when the card is scanned automatically by the reader.
Benefits:
Student no need to impinge card to the machine, when student passes from the Gateway, it automatically detects the card from the neck of student then mark attendance and a SMS automatically sent to parent’sphone about the “ENTRY & EXIT” of their children.
RFID based Student Tracking System
RFID in school premises: As a next level of security, RFID readers are installed at various locations (including school gates and restricted areas, toilets, etc) within the school premises. RFID chips are embedded in students’ I-cards or uniforms so that whenever a student crosses a scanner location, information will immediately be sent to school authorities as well as parents.


Alerts:
RFID based Student Tracking ensures enhanced safety for students at all times within the school. Authorities are timely informed and alerted about any students missing from the class or entering restricted areas, thereby allowing them time to take appropriate action and prevent any mishap or untowardly incident. Parents are also at peace since they are constantly updated about their child’s safety.
ACHIEVERS ENGINEERING FEDERATION will help engineers to innovate effective and creative products for the benefit of our society and expose budding researchers in India. “MAKE IN INDIA” is possible and Success is not far from an Engineering Aspirants. 
